Introduction
Welcome to the Onefootball DevOps Challenge!
This Trello board will walk you through the different tasks we'd like you to complete.

Challenge Rules
We are aware that day-to-day isn't necessarily like this, so feel free to take the exercise in your own direction. It's designed to challenge and provide an instructive and fun experience.

We know that you are probably very busy, and we won't discard your submission because of that. Feel free to just describe your solutions if you run out of time, but we'd prefer code and a working environment. Even if you describe your solution make sure to include plenty of detail to help to show exactly what factors you have considered.

Feel free to ask questions and we will respond to you on your board.
Feel free to contact us for any further information about the role.

In general:

Please contact us if you want help or clarification
Take as much time as you want
Please, explain your solutions in detail, to allow us to see everything that you have considered.
You don't need to finish all the tasks. Share your results even if you don't finish.
Small, meaningful commits are recommended.
We also recommend you keep the Trello board up to date, moving cards and commenting on them so we can follow along.
We are open to any technological solution, so choose as you see fit.
About the board
This is a basic Kanban board, that we use to track our tasks. Whenever you start working on a task, move it to Doing. Once you finish, move it to Done.

Extra kudos if you add comments to tasks in Trello to keep track of your progress. For instance any relevant changes, commands, research, links etc. We like people that are able to learn and research, so even if you might not get the tasks completed, your notes about what you tried are really valuable.

Your workflow is important as it shows us that you are systematic in your approach to work. We are not militant about our process day-to-day but it is nice to see you follow a certain rhythm!

Tasks
Green Trello cards are the Challenge Tasks that you should work through.

Step by step is the usual way :) but that is your decision to make.

All the best!
